README.md, before:

# ChandanvMe

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 15.0.0.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

Added Scully and initial routes

README.md, after:

# chandanv.me

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 15.0.0. The prod version of the website is built using [Scully](https://scully.io).


## Development server
Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.


## Build
Building a Sully app needs a few additional steps.
 - Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.
 - Run `npx sully` to pre-render static pages. Alternatively, if you have changes to routes, say you've added a new blog post, run `npx sully --scanRoutes` to update the routes. Now, you have the `dist/static` folder populated with all the pre-rendered static pages.


## Serving
To serve the website, copy the contents of `dist/static` folder onto your webroot. Since everythig - html, css, js - is all statically linked, any web server that can serve files can be used to host your website.

To test the Scully-rendered pages locally, you can run `npx scully serve` and head to `http://localhost:1668/`.


## Live Version
This website is live [here](https://chandanv.me/)!


## Further help
For more detailed steps on how to develop using Angular and Scully, check this [post](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-build-a-jamstack-portfolio-with-angular-11-and-scully).
